<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2025-03-19T11:49:59.609000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2025-03-19T12:12:32.046000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; }
    .P2 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; }
    .Standard { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; }
    .Internet_20_link { color:#000080; text-decoration:underline; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .T1 .T2 .T3  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; "><p class="P2">Affil<span class="T2">i</span>ate statement: We may have interest, with companies or products mentioned on this blog.</p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P1">YOUR SPONSOR LINK HERE</p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2">#<span class="T1">0</span>106 - Who Follows BOTH Personas Noah AND Rogan﹖</p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="Standard">It is open-minded to follow people with different opinions.</p><p class="Standard">And so that's why this is interesting.</p><p class="Standard">So here below, in six (6) parts, are musings on how, even when personas are like oil and water, they may still share common friends, and how that is valuable.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">甲 (I.)</p><p class="Standard">Persona Trevor Noah on this podcast episode.</p><p class="Standard">Calls out alleged assassin persona Luigi Mangione) in the text of personas Joe Rogan and himself (Trevor Noah).</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">乙 (II.)</p><p class="Standard"><a href="https://open.spotify.com/episode/7C3jzs2scnzjqGHOFku70E" class="Internet_20_link">UnitedHealthcare Assassin: Italians Are Black Again? -  What Now? with Trevor Noah | Podcast on Spotify</a></p><p class="Standard">(@ the 24m.02s. mark)</p><p class="Standard">Persona Trevor Noah literally talks about how persona Luigi Mangione was following BOTH Trevor Noah AND Joe Rogan.</p><p class="Standard">And Noah says, wow, what kind of person would do that?!?</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">丙 (III.)</p><p class="Standard">I like this.</p><p class="Standard">As in my fairly recent past social media toot.</p><p class="Standard">I still think it is open-minded and valuable to follow people with different opinions, like Trevor Noah and Patrick Bet-David:</p><p class="Standard"><a href="https://mastodon.social/@cityslicker/113246463331616609" class="Internet_20_link">https://mastodon.social/@cityslicker/113246463331616609</a></p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">丁 (IV.)</p><p class="Standard">And so in answer to persona Noah's (rhetorical) question.</p><p class="Standard">About who follows both Noah and Rogan.</p><p class="Standard">I also had noted during browsing BOTH podcasters' guest lists, that, they had shared a couple of guests in common. </p><p class="Standard">Which impressed me. </p><p class="Standard">Because I tuned in to the fact that Noah and Rogan run in different social circles.</p><p class="Standard">However I noticed that both Rogan and Noah had the following two guests on their podcasts:</p><p class="Standard">persona Michael Pollan</p><p class="Standard">persona Dwayne Johnson</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">戊 (V.)</p><p class="Standard">These two, are people who were on BOTH Joe Rogan podcast AND Trevor Noah podcast.</p><p class="Standard">I think it is cool that Noah and Rogan share common guests / interviewees.</p><p class="Standard">Despite that I think Noah and Rogan- themselves I discerned are rather not so simpatico.</p><p class="Standard">This I feel is very cool.</p><p class="Standard">It's cool that even though some folks don't talk with each other, those same folks do talk to the same other people.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">己 (VI.)</p><p class="Standard">Ok expanding this a little bit.</p><p class="Standard">ANOTHER cool example of this same phenomenon as follows.</p><p class="Standard">Two other sets of inharmonious personalities, liked (/invited/followed) the same persona:</p><p class="Standard">* PBD Podcast Patrick Bet-David likes/follows Moneyball author Bill James.</p><p class="Standard">* RBI podcast David Gardner also likes/follows Bill James.</p><p class="Standard">Whereas I am willing to bet you money that personas Bet-David and Gardner are polar opposites in terms of at least 75% of their personality / politics / lifestyles.</p><p class="Standard">So then, I guess what brings these two together is:</p><p class="Standard">Baseball &amp; Business</p><p class="Standard">nice!!!</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">In conclusion, these were musings on, even when personas are like oil and water, they may still share common friends. Wise people know, that it is open-minded and valuable to follow people with different opinions.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="P2">2025-03-19 <span class="T3">1157</span> by <a href="https://lemonmama.com/morgan/" class="Internet_20_link">Morgan Jassen</a> on lemonmama.com</p><p class="P2"> </p></body></html>