<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2025-03-20T18:24:43.307000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2025-03-20T18:39:15.356000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; }
    .Internet_20_link { color:#000080; text-decoration:underline; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .T1  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; "><p class="P1">Review: Gilmore Girls (TV show)</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">I interviewed my friend Musty Mustard about a recent episode of the TV show ‘The Gilmore Girls’.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"><a href="https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0588207" class="Internet_20_link">The Incredible Sinking Lorelais (s4 e14)</a></p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">According to Musty,  in this episode, Rory is at Yale, and Lorelai is at home. They call but keep missing each other. Then they cry, and they say this is all messed up. Lorelai is crying to Luke, and Rory is crying to Dean.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">My friend Musty Mustard doesn’t recommend to watch this particular episode. Instead Musty recommends to watch an episode a few before this in the series. Musty recommends me to watch the episode where they break the town bells.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"><a href="https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0588152/" class="Internet_20_link">In the Clamor and the Clangor (s4 e11)</a></p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">The baby knows the town bells schedule, so it cries in anticipation of the bells!</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">In conclusion, this was a review of The Gilmore Girls, <span class="T1">including season 4, episodes 11 and 14</span>.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">~</p><p class="P1">#0109</p><p class="P1">On lemonmama.com</p><p class="P1">By Morgan Jassen</p><p class="P1">2025-03-20 1824</p><p class="P1">With commercial interest.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p></body></html>