<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2025-03-20T17:47:30.091000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2025-03-21T16:03:36.624000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .P1 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; }
    .P2 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; }
    .P3 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; }
    .Internet_20_link { color:#000080; text-decoration:underline; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .T2  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; "><p class="P1"><span class="T2">#0110 - </span>In An Abundant Specialized World Already</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">He is saying that we have already long been in the world where everyone specializes.</p><p class="P1">Where everyone is only creating niche/luxury products/services.</p><p class="P1">He is saying the agrarian time is already long over.</p><p class="P1">And now the industrial time may be coming to an end.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P3"><a href="https://open.spotify.com/episode/0fqUva5sxumg2b5vhs80qc" class="Internet_20_link">Joe Rogan Podcast #2206 - Chamath Palihapitiya</a></p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">At the 45m.02s. mark.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">This blows my mind.</p><p class="P1">Because where I came from, and I still know people, who are still partly embedded in the agrarian economy.</p><p class="P1">And so wow.</p><p class="P1">And I haven't necessarily let it go yet.</p><p class="P1">And here he is saying that many folks already were letting that agrarian economy go in maybe the year 1924 or so.</p><p class="P1">And so all of a sudden it makes sense.</p><p class="P1">Most people in the world, my peers, are all just working in great teams on ongoing, working to wrangle widget x, widget y, or widget z.</p><p class="P1">And we all just find a profitable team to join and join it and we manufacture lets say widget z.</p><p class="P1">And then my friend finds a team that's profitable and that team's job is to transport widgets x &amp; y quickly.</p><p class="P1">And my other friend's job is to modify widget z so that it works underwater and in the dark.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">The point is, he. is. saying. that. we. don't. need. to. worry. about. simple. stuff. like. feeding. ourselves. we. can. just. focus. on. whatever. profitable. project. is. in. front. of. us.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T2">A</span>mazing.</p><p class="P1"><span class="T2">P</span>aradigm shift.</p><p class="P1">And here I am and I grinded away at entry level job for <span class="T2">a decade or two.</span></p><p class="P1">And but maybe, that ain't it.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">Maybe I need to just adopt this dude's idea mindset, persona Chamath's mindset, and just go ahead and hook up with a team of smart people, and myself act quick and act smart, and together we solve some relevant problem and add value to society, and we get paid well for it.</p><p class="P1">And everyone else does the same.</p><p class="P1">And we don't worry about whether there will be enough jobs for everyone.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">We just keep our fingers on the pulse of our own business/career, and, if it starts to go stale, and even before it goes stale, we keep training ourselves to jump to the next fresh company the next fresh business, and we continually jump to the next one so that 100%  of people are all continually employed well and paid well.</p><p class="P1"><span class="T2">A</span>mazing.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"/><p class="P1">So what kept me so dark for so long, even up to this minute today in 2024?</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">I think it is scripts I learned that all of me and friends and family had been running in 1985-1995 (more or less) in our geography and society in the USA.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">I got programmed, and we all did, in those '85 to '95 -ish in our area of society and our geography, to feel certain scarcity, but not only that, but <span class="T2">(</span>(weird scarcity<span class="T2">)</span> + <span class="T2">(</span>weird entitlement)<span class="T2">)</span>.</p><p class="P1">Which is a TERRIBLE combination.</p><p class="P1"><span class="T2">S</span>carcity-awareness combined with abundance-entitlement.</p><p class="P1">I think I heard someone say this once on another podcast episode, actually, it would be hard to find which one though.</p><p class="P1">And I think a lot of folks, myself included, in hindsight got essentially SPOILED to believe we/I were <span class="T2">e</span>nt<span class="T2">i</span>tled to unlim<span class="T2">i</span>ted forever abundance/wealth, while at the same time looking around I could see that my situation was getting broker and broker and broker.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"><span class="T2">O</span>k.</p><p class="P1"><span class="T2">F</span>ine.  </p><p class="P1">Time to wake up.</p><p class="P2">Long past time to wake up LOL.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">These podcasters are obviously both smack in the middle of (diligence) + (hard work) + (abundance) + (maturity) ect. etc. etc. mindsets/ (habit-sets , characters).</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">And so now my turn to wake up some more.</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1">I need to do the following:</p><p class="P1">- focus on whatever is profitable in front of me</p><p class="P1">- work in a team.</p><p class="P1">- adopt personas Joe + Chamath idea mindset</p><p class="P1">- go ahead and hook up with a team of smart people</p><p class="P1">- and myself act quick and act smart</p><p class="P1">- and together with my smart team, we solve some relevant problem </p><p class="P1">- with my team we add value to society, and get paid well for that</p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P2">~</p><p class="P2">#0110</p><p class="P2">On lemonmama.com</p><p class="P2">By Morgan Jassen</p><p class="P2">2025-03-21 1553</p><p class="P2">With commercial interest.</p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2"> </p></body></html>