<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2025-03-25T23:11:11.967000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2025-03-25T23:16:23.374000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .Heading_20_2 { font-size:115%; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-top:0.139in; font-family:Liberation Sans; writing-mode:page; font-weight:bold; }
    .P1 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; }
    .Standard { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .T1 .T2  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; "><h2 class="Heading_20_2"><a id="a__My_Friend_Musty_Mustard_has_a_Loser_Neighbor"><span/></a>My Friend Musty Mustard has a Loser Neighbor</h2><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">A friend of mine, Musty Mustard, has a screw up neighbor.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">My friend Musty's neig<span class="T1">h</span>bor is almost normal, but is a bit weird.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">Musty doesn't quite trust the neighbor.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">But Musty Mustard usually gives everyone a chance.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">One day, Musty's neighbor invited Musty to tea and conversation.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">Musty accepted.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">It was ok, but a  little odd.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">A few months later, my friend Musty Mustard again was invited to tea by Musty's neighbor.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">Musty accepted on the condition that they will meet at the park instead of the cafe, because Musty thought to go for a walk and get some exercise while they conversed.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">It was ok, but Musty's friend was a bit of a screw up, they talked but didn't seem to connect very well.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">Musty's friend wasn't trying to sell anything nor to buy anything, just wanted to talk and be mildly annoying.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">My friend Musty Mustard told me, if Musty's neighbor invites Musty out again, then Musty will probably postpone another meeting until year-after-next. (to give the neighbor time to mature up a bit more)</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">In conclusion, a friend of mine, Musty Mustard, has a loser neighbor.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="P1">~</p><p class="P1">#0113</p><p class="P1">On lemonmama.com satire & opinion blog.</p><p class="P1">By Ball Punyin</p><p class="P1">2025-03-25 2<span class="T2">310</span></p><p class="P1">With commercial interest.</p><p class="P1"> </p></body></html>
