<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><!--This file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/source/xslt for the code.--><head profile="http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/><title xml:lang="en-US">- no title specified</title><meta name="DCTERMS.title" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.language" content="en-US" scheme="DCTERMS.RFC4646"/><meta name="DCTERMS.source" content="http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/><meta name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2025-04-14T12:37:36.542000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.modified" content="2025-04-14T12:43:00.403000000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/><meta name="DCTERMS.provenance" content="" xml:lang="en-US"/><meta name="DCTERMS.subject" content="," xml:lang="en-US"/><link rel="schema.DC" href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTERMS" href="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCTYPE" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/><link rel="schema.DCAM" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/><style type="text/css">
    @page {  }
    table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
    td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;}
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both;}
    ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;}
    li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;}
    /* "li span.odfLiEnd" - IE 7 issue*/
    li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; }
    span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; }
    span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000;  margin:0; border:0; padding:0;  }
    span.heading_numbering { margin-right: 0.8rem; }* { margin:0;}
    .Heading_20_1 { font-size:130%; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-top:0.1665in; font-family:Liberation Sans; writing-mode:page; font-weight:bold; }
    .Standard { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; }
    .Internet_20_link { color:#000080; text-decoration:underline; }
    /* ODF styles with no properties representable as CSS */
    .T1  { }
    </style></head><body dir="ltr" style="max-width:8.5in;margin-top:0.7874in; margin-bottom:0.7874in; margin-left:0.7874in; margin-right:0.7874in; "><h1 class="Heading_20_1"><a id="a__#0119_-_Competition，_Suffering，_Discomfort"><span/></a><span class="T1">#0119 - </span>Competition， Suffering， Discomfort</h1><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">The persona of Patrick Bet-David has said various things about competition.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">One of these is really making me re-think the human paradigm, and my paradigm.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">Paraphrased, the essence of the idea that I am learning as PBD has been talking about it over the years especially recently:</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">'we are all in a competition, there is no choice to not be in a competition, it is the human condition'</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"><a href="https://open.spotify.com/episode/3Y1Y1M6c71Zs1iqtKenMMX" class="Internet_20_link">PBD Podcast Episode 379 (2024-Mar-12)</a></p><p class="Standard"><a href="https://open.spotify.com/episode/5OerHEojgbdiHKLbqZm7cG" class="Internet_20_link">PBD Podcast Episode 380 (2024-Mar-14)</a></p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">Later I was myself meditating further on this. </p><p class="Standard">This is life. </p><p class="Standard">This theme keeps appearing to me recently in other different quotes in my life:</p><p class="Standard">Buddhism:           'Humans are put here on earth to suffer.'</p><p class="Standard">Christianity:       'We are all born sinners.' </p><p class="Standard">Sports Coach:              'Get comfortable being uncomfortable.'</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">But getting back to PBD quotes/ideas.</p><p class="Standard">I recommend listening/watching the two above podcast episodes.</p><p class="Standard">Because PBD and team recommends that to beat the competition one should strive to do some of the following things:</p><p class="Standard">Outwork</p><p class="Standard">Out improve</p><p class="Standard">Outthink</p><p class="Standard">Out strategize</p><p class="Standard">Outlast</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">In conclusion, if you want to hear more on these refreshing life strategies, then these podcast episodes may be for you!</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">~</p><p class="Standard">#0119</p><p class="Standard">On lemonmama.com</p><p class="Standard">By Ball Punyin</p><p class="Standard">2025-04-14 1237</p><p class="Standard">With commercial interest.</p></body></html>